# Introduction
This repository contains preliminary spatial analyses of fuel stations in the Wellington region. The analyses explore how spatial techniques can be understand the value in fuel station networks.   

# Unique Features
- Executable report.
- Export the analysis into different types of output:
-- HTML no code for technical audience who want to read methodology and results.
-- Abridged HTML without code for fully non-technical audience.
-- HTML slides for presentation.

# Components
- ipynb: The analysis in an annotated, executable report. 
- /html: Manually generated by converting ipynb with nbconvert.
- /templates: Templating applied to html.
- /stylesheets: Style attributes of html in CSS file.
- /assets: Figures to be embedded in the annotated report.
- /utils: Main analysis, plotting and data processing functions.  

If more notebooks are added to this repo, they will get refactored into a /notebooks folder to keep things tidy.  

# Generating HTML
- The full html (without code) can be generated with the following command: 
> jupyter nbconvert --to html --template=templates/no_code_full.tpl Fuel\ Stations\ Analysis.ipynb --output=html/Fuel\ Stations\ Analysis.html

- Due to the length of the report, I thought it might be a sensible idea to shorten it further for a non-technical audience. Some of the more technical sections of getting, checking and processing data can be removed for non-experts. This abridged report can be generated with:
> jupyter nbconvert --to html --template=templates/non_technical_abridged.tpl Fuel\ Stations\ Analysis.ipynb --output=html/Fuel\ Stations\ Analysis\ Abridged.html

- I've also enabled another (exciting) feature in the Jupyter notebook: using the same report to generate slides for presentation. I've not got reveal.js (YET!) to upload the slide HTML directly to the repo, but this is work in progress. Currently, slides can be generated on demand and served in presentation format from a local server with:
> jupyter nbconvert --to slides Fuel\ Stations\ Analysis.ipynb --post serve

N.B All the commands in this section are run from the fuel-stations directory.